Data To Be Used:
1. Member Facing Portal: https://myezra-staging.ezra.com/
a. You can create members as you please without concern.
2. User Facing Portal: https://staging-hub.ezra.com/sign-in/
a. Username: michael.krakovsky+test_interview@functionhealth.com
b. Pwd: 12121212Aa
i. Please do not reset this password.
3. Stripe Test Data: https://docs.stripe.com/testing
Question 1

Part 1
The booking flow is integral to Ezra's business operation. Please go through the first
three steps of the booking process including payment and devise 15 test cases
throughout the entire process you think are the most important. When submitting the
assignment, please return the test cases from the most important to the least important.
Part 2
For the top 3 test cases from part 1, please provide a description explaining why they
are indicated as your most important.
Question 2

Part 1
Being privacy focused is integral to our culture and business model. Please devise an
integration test case that prevents members from accessing other’s medical data.
Hint: Begin Medical Questionnaire.
Part 2
Please devise HTTP requests from Part 1 to implement your test case. Submitting
written HTTP requisitions is fine, you do not need to submit a postman project.
Part 3
At Ezra, we have over 100 endpoints that transfer sensitive data. What is your thought
process around managing the security quality of these endpoints? What are the
tradeoffs and potential risks of your solution?

Automation
Use Playwright to automate 2–3 of the test cases you created in Part 1. Please explain why you
chose those test cases to automate. Please include:
● Trade-offs and assumptions.
● Include a short README.md with setup steps and your explanation notes.
● Comments or a README.md explaining assumptions, scalability, and what you would
implement in the future.
● Submit a GitHub repo link containing all tests and documentation.
● Structure your automation scripts using a scalable model (preferably Page Object
Model). Your submission must demonstrate architecture, coding, and design
decisions required for production-level.
